Improve submodule error messages for Github archives (#9571)
Mbed-TLS/mbedtls: CMakeLists.txt

endif()

if (NOT EXISTS "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/framework/CMakeLists.txt")
    if (NOT EXISTS "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/.git/")

>         message(FATAL_ERROR "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/.git/ not found. Please ensure you have downloaded a release version of MBedTLS from Github.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        message(FATAL_ERROR "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/.git/ not found. Please ensure you have downloaded a release version of Mbed TLS from GitHub.")
```

Author: Thanks, I have fixed this now

endif()

if (NOT EXISTS "${MBEDTLS_FRAMEWORK_DIR}/CMakeLists.txt")

>     message(FATAL_ERROR "${MBEDTLS_FRAMEWORK_DIR}/CMakeLists.txt not found. Run `git submodule update --init` from the source tree to fetch the submodule contents.")

Reviewer 2: Why remove information about the submodule though? [It was useful for people who don't use release archives](https://github.com/Mbed-TLS/mbedtls/pull/9809#discussion_r1875005637).

>         message(FATAL_ERROR "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/.git/ not found. Please ensure you have downloaded a release version of Mbed TLS from GitHub.")

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure about the ".git not found" part of this error message, from a user's perspective: if I go and download a release tarball, it won't contain a `.git` subdirectory either, so there seems to be a mismatch between reported problem and suggested solution.

Suggestion: start this message with ""${MBEDTLS_FRAMEWORK_DIR}/CMakeLists.txt not found (and this does not appear to be a git checkout)." - and add "(and this appears to be a git checkout)" to the other one.

Not sure about the 2nd sentence either: most likely this will happen because people _have_ downloaded an archive from github, except they've picked the wrong one. So I think the message should be more precise, like "Please ensure you have downloaded the right archive from the release page on github."
